Document where to look up the platform list (#6857)
chef/inspec: docs-chef-io/content/inspec/profiles.md

- Use `release` to restrict to a specific platform version, and use together with `platform-name`. `release` supports asterisk (`*`) wildcard use.
- Use `platform` to restrict on either platform-name or platform-family.

> To get a list of all valid values for platform-name and platform-family, run `inspec schema platforms`, which will dump the current supported list in JSON format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get a list of all valid values for `platform-name` and `platform-family`, run `inspec schema platforms`, which returns the supported list in JSON format.
```
